3 Revised Core
1 Kitara Cycle
2 Reign and Reverie

2 Original Core
1 of each Deluxe Expansion (including TD, not including R&R)
1 of each Data Pack except:

-   Daedalus Complex

2 Small Binders - RCs, R&R and KC
1 Large Binder - RC and R&R

7 Large Binders - OCs, Deluxes (except R&R) and Cycles (except Kitara)

3 Revised Cores means 2 sets, each with 3 copies of all cards except for
the singles.  There are also two singles in R&R (aside from IDs), DJ
Fenris and Lady Liberty.  They are broken into a near-complete revised
set, with two of the RC singles, Kitara and R&R, and a leftover set,
with one each of the RC singles and R&R.  "Near-complete" means that it
could have 3 copies of the RC and R&R singles, but only has 2 of the RCs
and 1 of the R&Rs.

The near-complete revised fits perfectly in the two small binders with
three cards per slot.  It's so tight that it can't accommodate any cards
from the original set, though.  The original set has extras of almost
all of the IDs, which don't hurt the revised set, so those extras are
included but in the leftover set since it has the room.  The
near-complete set may borrow against those.

The original set is everything pre-revised, plus the minor runner
faction cards from R&R.  With two cores, there are just 2 copies of
singles but everything else has 3, with a single leftover of the doubles
and a full 3 leftover of the trips.  The leftover trips from the revised
set are included with this original set where they don't overlap with
the original set (not true yet).  Copies of the IDs from R&R and Kitara
are also included.  I believe the RC IDs are all in the original set
already.

These are organized into the seven large binders, one per faction.
Minor factions are in the back of one runner binder.  The respective
neutrals are in the back of one binder each of corp and runner.  The IDs
come first, each unique ID having its own slot.  All further cards are
organized by expansion/cycle, numerically within.  First come the core
cards, then deluxe expansion cards, then cycle cards in cycle order.

When deckbuilding, don't mix cards between the original and revised
sets.  The near-complete revised set is for me.  When building, it can
borrow IDs from the leftover set (they would be in near-complete but for
binder space issues).  It should not borrow for the singles if possible,
but may.  The leftover set is for someone else to deckbuild from, and
shouldn't normally borrow from the near-complete set (but may with
permission).  Neither should borrow from the original set, but that's
already in keeping with the intention to be revised list compatible
(thanks for screwing that up already, nisei).  Likewise the original set
shouldn't borrow from the revised sets, although it already has some
leftovers from revisted of its own.

I haven't gotten all of the doubles and singles paired up from the
original cores, there are many of them lying around in a grab-bag
binder.  You can tell because there are click cards and factions that
don't belong.  The IDs aren't perfectly distributed either and need to
be rechecked.  The revised core cards in the original set duplicate some
of the original cards as well and should be moved out.  Everything needs
to be reordered and spaced to allow for TD, which isn't opened yet, and
the missing three data packs.  The cards from the last two data packs
(chrome city and future proof) are out-of-order at the end of their
factions.  So are the IDs from the original set in the leftover revised
set.  There needs to be a place designated for the misfit revised core
cards and fourths from the doubles.
